Introduce a new way to create the common pattern of a load balanced services. (#421)
pulumi/pulumi-awsx: nodejs/awsx/ecs/README.md

Here's how we can simplify the above using those techniques:

```ts
import * as aws from "@pulumi/aws";
import * as awsx from "@pulumi/awsx";

const nginx = new awsx.ecs.FargateService("nginx", {
    taskDefinitionArgs: {
        containers: {
            nginx: {
                image: "nginx",
                memory: 128,
                networkListener: { port: 80 },
            },
        },
    },
    desiredCount: 2,
});
```

Like before, this will create an [awsx.lb.NetworkListener] named `"nginx"`, but will not require that resource to be directly declared beforehand.

The `networkListener:` or `applicationListener:` provided can be fully configured to your needs. This includes adjusting the `awsx.lb.LoadBalancer` and `awsx.lb.TargetGroup` that are needed here.  Those can be configured like so:

```ts
    nginx: {
        image: "nginx",
        memory: 128,

>         networkListener: { port: 80, /*more args*/, targetGroup: { /*...*/ }, loadBalancer: { /*...*/ }  },

Author: ```suggestion
        networkListener: { port: 80, /*more listener args*/, targetGroup: { /*...*/ }, loadBalancer: { /*...*/ }  },
```

    },
```

> See the doc for more details on what can be configured here.

Author: ```suggestion
See the respective docs for more details on what can be configured here.
```
